[IndexTable] Recalculate column widths when the sticky header is rendered (#9148)
Shopify/polaris: .changeset/four-birds-deliver.md

---
'@shopify/polaris': patch
---

> Recalculated IndexTable column widths when the sticky header is rendered.

Author: ```suggestion
Recalculated IndexTable sticky header column widths inside of a `useIsomorphicLayoutEffect` after the table is updated.
```
